Add Grace's Anti-Cherry Picking article (#1991)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/blog/2022-09-13-the-case-against-cherry-picking.md

Because these additional branches slow down your development workflow, organizations may be tempted to add *more complexity* to increase their speed—selecting individual changes to merge into upper branches (in our example, `staging` and `prod`), rather than waiting to promote an entire branch. That’s right, I’m talking about the beast that is **cherry picking into upper branches**.

:::info What is cherry picking?

`git cherry-pick` is a git command that allows you to apply individual commits from one branch into another branch.

:::

In theory, cherry picking seems like a good solution: it allows you to select individual changes for promotion into upper branches to unblock developers and increase speed.

In practice, however, when cherry picking is used this way, it introduces more risk and complexity and (in my opinion) is not worth the tradeoff. Cherry picking into upper environments can lead to:

- Greater risk in breaking hierarchical relationship of primary branches
- Flawed testing practices that don’t account for dependent code changes

> - Increase chance of merge conflicts, draining developer time and prone to human error

Reviewer: I'm thinking this for the preview @KiraFuruichi - let me know what you think!

:::

Even with its challenges, hierarchical branch promotion is the recommended branching strategy when handling multiple primary branches because it:

- Simplifies your development process: Your team runs more efficiently with less complex rules to follow
- Prevents merge conflicts: You save developer time by avoiding developers having to manually resolve sticky merge conflicts over and over
- Ensures the code that's tested is the code that is ultimately merged into production: You avoid crisis scenarios where unexpected bugs sneak into production

Now I’ll admit it: this blog post was mostly just a venting session, providing me a cathartic outlet to rage against cherry picking (my Slack dms are open if you want to see all of the memes that *didn’t* make it into this post).

And you may be left thinking… ok, jeez Grace, I won’t cherry pick into upper branches. But how do I *actually* set up my dbt project to properly use hierarchical branch promotion?

> Don’t worry, a guide is on the way ;)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t worry, a guide and training course are on the way ;)
```
